updating links (#210)
rstudio/education.rstudio.com: content/teach/tools/index.md

- **Use [Posit Cloud in the Classroom](https://resources.rstudio.com/webinars/rstudio-cloud-in-the-classroom).** [Posit Cloud](https://posit.cloud/) is a managed cloud instance of the RStudio IDE. This means you and your learners can use the RStudio IDE directly from your browser - there is no software to install and nothing to configure on your computer. Using Posit Cloud early in a workshop or course allows you to circumvent the installation step and skip right to the good stuff. This webinar walks you through the steps of setting up your course on Posit Cloud, highlighting the various functionalities for teachers and students.

> - **Craft your course infrastructure.** The article [_Infrastructure and tools for teaching computing throughout the statistical curriculum_](https://peerj.com/preprints/3181/) discusses computational infrastructure and toolkit choices for modern educators using RStudio Server and Posit Workbench (formerly RStudio Server Pro). The authors provide links to technical notes on setting up these systems for teaching, intended for both academics and IT professionals. (Note: A peer reviewed, but pay-walled version of the article can be found [here](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00031305.2017.1397549).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Craft your course infrastructure.** The article [_Infrastructure and tools for teaching computing throughout the statistical curriculum_](https://peerj.com/preprints/3181/) discusses computational infrastructure and toolkit choices for modern educators using RStudio Server and Posit Workbench (formerly RStudio Server Pro). The authors provide links to technical notes on setting up these systems for teaching, intended for both academics and IT professionals. (Note: A peer-reviewed, but pay-walled version of the article can be found [here](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/00031305.2017.1397549).)
```

- **Use version control.** Our team uses [GitHub](https://github.com/rstudio-education). A lot. We use it for version control, but also for its side benefits: GitHub makes it easier to collaborate with others and share content with learners. If you aren't using version control yet, take a few minutes to read the article [_"Excuse me, do you have a moment to talk about version control?"_](https://peerj.com/preprints/3159/) Now that you are convinced, bookmark [_Happy Git with R_](https://happygitwithr.com/) also by [Jenny Bryan](https://jennybryan.org/). This free online book contains battle-tested instructions for setting up Git, GitHub, and RStudio across all operating systems. Use it yourself, and send your learners there too.

# Packages

> After you get your tech stack set up, you'll want to think about packages that can help you create and deliver your content better. Several of Posit's open source R packages can be very helpful when creating, organizing, and delivering your educational content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you get your tech stack set up, you'll want to consider packages that can help you create and deliver your content more effectively. Several of Posit's open-source R packages can be very helpful when creating, organizing, and delivering your educational content.
```

> - __Create interactive tutorials with the [learnr package](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/).__ The [learnr package](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/) is designed to turn any [R Markdown document](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com) into an interactive tutorial. The final product can be published all of the same ways that Shiny applications can, including running locally on an end-user’s machine or running on a Shiny Server or hosting service like [shinyapps.io](https://www.shinyapps.io/). All of the [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers) are written with learnr &mdash; you can see the source code in this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rstudio-education/primers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Create interactive tutorials with the [learnr package](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/).__ The [learnr package](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/) is designed to turn any [R Markdown document](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com) into an interactive tutorial. The final product can be published in all of the same ways that Shiny applications can, including running locally on an end-user’s machine or running on a Shiny Server or hosting service like [shinyapps.io](https://www.shinyapps.io/). All of the [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers) are written with learnr &mdash; you can see the source code in this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rstudio-education/primers).
```

> - __Grade learnr tutorials with the [gradethis package](https://rstudio-education.github.io/gradethis/).__ Once you’ve created a tutorial, you'll probably want to evaluate learners’ solutions, and provide targeted feedback based on their input. Gradethis is a package that grades code and provides meaningful feedback in [learnr](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Grade learnr tutorials with the [gradethis package](https://rstudio-education.github.io/gradethis/).__ Once you’ve created a tutorial, you'll probably want to evaluate learners’ solutions and provide targeted feedback based on their input. Gradethis is a package that grades code and provides meaningful feedback in [learnr](https://rstudio.github.io/learnr/)
```
